update note on cool-downs (#24)
bitcoin-core/meta: MODERATION-GUIDELINES.md

Spam will be deleted and posters accounts will be reported to GitHub. Users who are determined to create an account in order to leave inflammatory comments on controversial topics will also have their comment either hidden or deleted and may be blocked from the Bitcoin organization.

> Moderators may lock conversations that are controversial, are being brigaded, or have otherwise gotten out of hand. During this time commenting will be unavilable to everyone until the end of the stated cool-down period.

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
Moderators may lock conversations that are controversial, are being brigaded, or have otherwise gotten out of hand. During this time commenting will be unavailable to everyone until the end of the stated cool-down period.
```

> Moderators may lock conversations that are controversial, are being brigaded, or have otherwise gotten out of hand. During this time commenting will be unavilable to everyone until the end of the stated cool-down period.

Reviewer 2: This may be particularly helpful

```suggestion
Moderators may lock conversations that are controversial, are being brigaded, or have otherwise gotten out of hand. During this time commenting will be unavailable to everyone (including members of the github org) until the end of the stated cool-down period.
```

Author: Thanks, taken in b018b4eff74ba41d149adce315acdf2db561f202
